Antou
How did you meet Mr. Yang of Tianshe Group?
30 million was invested.
Are you being taken care of by someone else?
Lin Yue, you'd better keep your mouth clean
Do you think everyone is like you?
Colluded with Xu Zeyu
You cheated my investors
Do you think I can't do anything about you?
But you didn't expect me to still have it.
Aren't you the person in charge of the press conference?
It's not certain whether the event will be done well or not
What are you so proud of?
Hum, you can't worry about the event.
I'll take care of it.
When I become general manager
Do you think you will survive in this company?
I'll treat you well then.
Let you give full play to the role of your position
Humph
An Tong, I won't let you get your wish
Hey Luo Yufeng
Look at this.
Is it better to design it this way?
ANTONG
You thought you were responsible for the press conference
I'll take it, can't you do anything?